<https://www.google.com/?hl=en>

COVID-19 Community Mobility Reports

<https://www.google.com/?hl=en>

COVID-19 Community Mobility Reports

Return to Community Mobility Reports
<https://www.google.com/covid19/mobility/index.html?hl=en>


  Mobility Report CSV Documentation

This dataset is intended to help remediate the impact of COVID-19. It
shouldn’t be used for medical diagnostic, prognostic, or treatment
purposes. It also isn’t intended to be used for guidance on personal
travel plans.

Each Community Mobility Report dataset is presented by location and
highlights the percent change in visits to places like grocery stores
and parks within a geographic area.

Location accuracy and the understanding of categorized places varies
from region to region, so we don’t recommend using this data to compare
changes between countries, or between regions with different
characteristics (e.g. rural versus urban areas).

We’ll leave a region or category out of the dataset if we don’t have
sufficient statistically significant levels of data. To learn how we
calculate these trends and preserve privacy, read About this data
<#about-this-data> below.


  Place categories


  Grocery & pharmacy

Mobility trends for places like grocery markets, food warehouses,
farmers markets, specialty food shops, drug stores, and pharmacies.


  Parks

Mobility trends for places like local parks, national parks, public
beaches, marinas, dog parks, plazas, and public gardens.


  Transit stations

Mobility trends for places like public transport hubs such as subway,
bus, and train stations.


  Retail & recreation

Mobility trends for places like restaurants, cafes, shopping centers,
theme parks, museums, libraries, and movie theaters.


  Residential

Mobility trends for places of residence.


  Workplaces

Mobility trends for places of work.


  About this data

These datasets show how visits and length of stay at different places
change compared to a baseline. We calculate these changes using the same
kind of aggregated and anonymized data used to show popular times
<https://support.google.com/business/answer/6263531?hl=en> for places in
Google Maps.

Changes for each day are compared to a baseline value for that day of
the week:

  * The baseline is the median value, for the corresponding day of the
    week, during the 5-week period Jan 3–Feb 6, 2020.
  * The datasets show trends over several months with the most recent
    data representing approximately 2-3 days ago—this is how long it
    takes to produce the datasets.

What data is included in the calculation depends on user settings,
connectivity, and whether it meets our privacy threshold. If the privacy
threshold isn’t met (when somewhere isn’t busy enough to ensure
anonymity) we don’t show a change for the day. As a result, you may
encounter empty fields for certain places and dates.

We include categories that are useful to social distancing efforts as
well as access to essential services.

We calculate these insights based on data from users who have opted-in
to Location History for their Google Account, so the data represents a
sample of our users. As with all samples, this may or may not represent
the exact behavior of a wider population.


  Preserving privacy

The Community Mobility Datasets were developed to be helpful while
adhering to our stringent privacy protocols and protecting people’s
privacy. No personally identifiable information, like an individual’s
location, contacts or movement, is made available at any point.

Insights in these reports are created with aggregated, anonymized sets
of data from users who have turned on the Location History
<https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/3118687?hl=en> setting,
which is off by default. People who have Location History turned on can
choose to turn it off at any time from their Google Account
<https://myaccount.google.com/activitycontrols?hl=en> and can always
delete Location History data directly from their Timeline
<https://www.google.com/maps/timeline?hl=en>.

The reports are powered by the same world-class anonymization technology
that we use in our products every day to keep your activity data private
and secure. This includes differential privacy
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfAdemDkLsc&feature=youtu.be&hl=en>,
which adds artificial noise to our datasets, enabling us to generate
insights without identifying any individual person. These
privacy-preserving protections also ensure that the absolute number of
visits isn’t shared.

Visit Google’s Privacy Policy
<https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en> to learn more about how we
keep your data private, safe and secure.


  Attribution

If you publish results based on this data set, please cite as:

Google LLC /"Google COVID-19 Community Mobility Reports"/.
https://www.google.com/covid19/mobility/ Accessed: <Date>.

<https://www.google.com/?hl=en>

  * About Google <https://about.google/?hl=en>
  * Google products <https://about.google/products/?hl=en>
  * Privacy <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en>
  * Terms <https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en>

  *
    English

    অসমীয়া

    беларуская

    български

    বাংলা

    bosanski

    català

    čeština

    dansk

    Deutsch

    Ελληνικά

    English (United Kingdom)

    español

    español (Latinoamérica)

    eesti

    euskara

    suomi

    Filipino

    français

    galego

    ગુજરાતી

    हिन्दी

    hrvatski

    magyar

    Indonesia

    italiano

    日本語

    ქართული

    қазақ тілі

    ខ្មែរ

    ಕನ್ನಡ

    한국어

    кыргызча

    ລາວ

    lietuvių

    latviešu

    македонски

    മലയാളം

    монгол

    मराठी

    Melayu

    မြန်မာ

    नेपाली

    Nederlands

    norsk

    ଓଡ଼ିଆ

    ਪੰਜਾਬੀ

    polski

    português (Brasil)

    português (Portugal)

    română

    русский

    slovenčina

    slovenščina

    српски

    svenska

    Kiswahili

    தமிழ்

    తెలుగు

    ไทย

    Türkçe

    українська

    Tiếng Việt

    中文（香港）

    中文（台灣）

